---
title: 10.10.16-Week 3-
layout: post
author: george.dawson
permalink: /10.10.16-week-3-/
source-id: 1NFwQdWKlv9KnyIaLDpW48_1UA23ESumLjqlSdQ4u5kE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>A bit of animation</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have coded a bit of animation before, but that was in Scratch, so this was a bit a different.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do some more coding out of the book to animate</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, we animated a space invader</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> We found the instructions in the book to be useful and at first we were able to simply draw a space invader. Next I and Ben made its legs and arms wobble. We did this by changing the drawing and switching between the two. The next stage was to make the space invader change colour repeatedly. At first when we tried to draw the space invader it didn't work, I thought it was invisible and would then flash up, but it didn’t. Instead the screen stayed blank apart from the error sign. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We got some of the drawing wrong possibly because when we were telling each other the numbers (for the drawing), we misheard and just wrote it down wrong. This meant that the screen showed an error sign. Other than that, I think we worked quite efficiently and got a decent amount of work done. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I’ll speak a bit slower to make communication clearer. I want to be able to not to have to look at the keyboard so much when I type so that I can check the coding in the book. And we could therefore get a bit more work done. I think we should both be checking each others work a bit more and make sure we’re not making silly mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


